This is my teach of the game Faraway

Okay, so everybody will have a hand of three cards, and this is, so in a six player game as, as I'm demonstrating here, these will be cards that you will potentially choose on the next round, based on, who plays the lowest card this round. The goal of the game is to score the most points in each of these has some sort of condition that you're trying to score. So this one has no condition and scores. No points. This one you would get three points for every pineapple in your Tableau. Now, I have to explain how you score that Tableau because that is the most complex part, but this is roughly the gameplay. So everybody will look at their hand. They have three cards and they'll choose one to play it. Everybody secretly plays. Then we all reveal and we add it. So this is going to be going from left to right? So I'm adding it left to right? So Um, that is important because it scores right to left and I'll explain that in a second once everybody's played their cards. So this one for example, if I meet the condition of having two blue gems, so this one is a pineapple or whatever fruit. It would score eight points. And so all eight, we're going to play eight cards in each card, can score points all the way down to card one. And someone else played their card. So Mike played theirs in their case. He played a lower number. So on his turn, he will pick first from this. And then by chance I will go second and so on and that will replenish your hand. The other thing to notice is these cards. So when you play ascending, so I played a 14, previous and now 21, I get one of these. I could get more of these. Because these cards say you draw. And you keep one. So you get, you can do these and these are just special abilities. Um for example this one is a red. It's it's a red card. So certain scoring mechanisms will score for every red land in your Tableau. This one, uh, basically says, this one is a score for green or I believe it's an ore green or blue. You'll get one point. So at the end of the game, if I had this This, this would score one two points. Okay. So there's there's different things that are scoring different things that are not eventually at the end of the game. And I don't know if this will be a good example. So we've all placed our eighth card. This is how we score, so we flip them all. And this just helps you to score properly. And you score it in this direction. So I flip over this card. There's no pineapples currently up. So this one would score zero points. Okay, then I flip this one. I've done very poorly in this one because I didn't plan it out but I do not meet that condition. Nothing has that and say these are in my my Tableau sometimes these will have these symbols uh, that symbol that I need. So I need that blue symbol. If by chance my card's up here, had that blue sample? I would score that and that scores for some condition, and then we keep on flipping. And so the scorecard literally is one through eight. And that's how we we just go. Okay. Eight. What'd you get for this and whoever scor

Now, your questions.